sf Nov 4 RNs (both stable and stable-rc) (#1267)
forcedotcom/cli: releasenotes/sf/README.md

Here are the new and changed features in recent updates of the `sf` executable of Salesforce CLI.

> We publish a new stable version of `sf` on Thursdays; this version is installed automatically when you install or update `sfdx`. At the same time we also publish an `sf` release candidate that contains changes that we plan to include in next week's `sf` release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We publish a new stable version of `sf` on Wednesday; this version is installed automatically when you install or update `sfdx`. At the same time we also publish an `sf` release candidate that contains changes that we plan to include in next week's `sf` release.
```

Author: Hmm, your change makes it sound like the new `sf` version will be available via `sfdx update` on Wednesday, which isn't true. (Right?)  That's why I said we publish it Thursday, even thought that's not 100% accurate.  But it IS accurate in that users have to wait until Thursday to get the new `sf` version via `sfdx update`.  Does that make sense?  I don't want to go into the details of how/when we promote, etc...

Author: Oh, I'm overthinking this.   Saying Wed is fine :)

Run `sf version` to display the version installed on your computer. Run `sfdx update` to update to the latest available stable version. 

Run `sfdx update stable-rc` to update to the release candidate for both `sf` and `sfdx`. To return to the stable version, run `sfdx update stable`.

[Click here for the release notes for the `sfdx` executable.](../sfdx/README.md)

> ## 1.3.0 (Nov 11, 2021) [stable-rc]
> 
> These changes are in the Salesforce CLI (`sf` executable) release candidate. We plan to include these changes in next week's official release. This list isn't final and is subject to change.
> 
> * FIX: We fixed a bug that prevented `sfdx update` from also updating `sf` to its latest version.
> 
> ## 1.2.0 (Nov 4, 2021)
> 
> * FIX: We fixed some under-the-hood bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.3.0 (Nov 11, 2021) [stable-rc]

These changes are in the Salesforce CLI (`sf` executable) release candidate. We plan to include these changes in next week's official release. This list isn't final and is subject to change.

* FIX: Installation of `sf` will be much more reliable when installing `sfdx` via the installers and tarballs.

## 1.2.0 (Nov 4, 2021)

* FIX: We fixed a bug that prevented `sfdx update` from also updating `sf` to its latest version.
```
